doc: Update docs with Cellular monitor and Serial Terminal apps (#12395)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_description.rst

1. Verify that ``UART_0`` is selected in the application.
   It is defined in the default configuration.

2. Use `nRF Connect Serial Terminal`_ to connect to the development kit.
   See :ref:`serial_terminal_connect` for instructions.

>    You can also use the `Cellular Monitor`_ app to open the nRF Connect Serial Terminal.

Reviewer: I don't think that asset_tracker_v2_description.rst has a previous mention of Cellular Monitor either, but you are correct it does show up here out of the blue.

We use Cellular Monitor for collecting modem traces via UART, but there is no reference on the page, on how to actually achieve this. We only have a link to "Sending traces over UART on an nRF91 Series DK" on this page, but I am wondering, should we also have a link to how-to collect the traces with cellular modem, or at least mention it with trace collection.

I think that it would be good to mention Cellular Monitor and the possibility to open the nRF Connect Serial Terminal through it on this page, as that is the easiest way to launch it when you are getting modem trace from the application.

>    You can also use the `Cellular Monitor`_ app to open the nRF Connect Serial Terminal.

Reviewer 2: +1 on more info about how to use Cellular Monitor rather than not mentioning it. Using Cellular Monitor and Serial Terminal in combo would give the user more information about what is happening, so I think it's worth informing about. Does opening Serial Terminal from Cellular Monitor give any extra benefits? I'm not sure it's worth mentioning that detail, but more focus on the combination of the two applications. Perhaps rephrasing the sentence would help?

```suggestion
   By using the `Cellular Monitor`_ application in combination with nRF Connect Serial Terminal, you'll better see how the modem responds to the different modem commands.
```

|test_sample|

1. |connect_kit|

> #. :ref:`Connect to the kit with nRF Connect Serial Terminal <serial_terminal_connect>`.

Reviewer: I wonder if this should indicate that you should use a specific line ending? If I remember correctly, this did not work out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: CRLF is the default line ending. My memories were incorrect in this case.

   You can also use the `Cellular Monitor`_ app to open the nRF Connect Serial Terminal.
   If you want to use a different terminal emulator, see :ref:`slm_connecting_91dk_pc`.
#. Reset the kit.
#. Observe that the development kit sends a ``Ready\r\n`` message on UART.

>    This indicates that the modem is connected to the network.

Reviewer: Remove this as well, it is tied to previous line.
